docs: Multi-port support for v1.17 GA (#19401)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/multiport/reference/trafficpermissions.mdx

- [`metadata`](#metadata): object | required
  - [`name`](#metadata-name): string | required
  - [`namespace`](#metadata-namespace): string | optional <EnterpriseAlert inline />
- [`spec`](#spec): object | required
  - [`destination`](#spec-destination):
    - [`identityName`](#spec-destination-identityname):
  - [`action`](#spec-action): string
  - [`permissions`](#spec-permissions): list of maps
    - [`sources`](#spec-permissions-sources):
      - [`identityName`](#spec-permissions-sources-identityname): string
      - [`namespace`](#spec-permissions-sources-namespace): string
      - [`partition`](#spec-permissions-sources-partition): string
      - [`peer`](#spec-permissions-sources-peer): string
      - [`samenessGroup`](#spec-permissions-sources-samenessgroup): string
      - [`exclude`](#spec-permissions-sources-exclude): Map
        - [`identityName`](#spec-permissions-sources-exclude): string
        - [`namespace`](#spec-permissions-sources-exclude): string
        - [`partition`](#spec-permissions-sources-exclude): string
        - [`peer`](#spec-permissions-sources-exclude): string
        - [`samenessGroup`](#spec-permissions-sources-exclude): string

>     - [`destinationRules`](#spec-permissions-destinationrules):

Reviewer: Within destinationRules, only portNames are supported at the moment since the rest of the properties are related to L7, I think this means we should include something here to signal that these are unsupported fields. [RFC link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XWZoGwMYV0VDZlssiCRRkvea7r6tD2VZZoaDOYjBudc/edit#heading=h.9t84kt6vey7k)

| `suffix` | Specifies a suffix value for the header key set in the `name` field. If the request header value ends with the `suffix` value, Consul applies the permission.  Do not specify `suffix` if `present`, `exact`, `prefix`, or `regex` are configured in the same `exclude.header` configuration. | string | optional |
| `regex` | Specifies a regular expression pattern as the value for the header key set in the `name` field. If the request header value matches the regex, Consul applies the permission. Do not specify `regex` if `present`, `exact`, `prefix`, or `suffix` are configured in the same `exclude.header` configuration. The regex syntax is proxy-specific. If using Envoy, refer to the [re2 documentation](https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax) for details. | string | optional |
| `invert` | Inverts the matching logic configured in the `exclude.header`. Default is `false`. | boolean | optional |

### `spec.permissions.destinationRules.exclude.methods`

> Specifies a set of HTTP methods that qualify a request for an exclusion to the destination rules. When an incoming request uses one of the specified methods, the request will not produce a match when evaluating the destination rule that is otherwise defined.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies a set of HTTP methods. When a service sends a request to the destination using one of the specified methods, Consul excludes the request from reaching the destination..
```
Again, probably not correct, but this description needs help.
